Kristen, why are you eating alone? Where's his Majesty Allen?
Excuse me, what's with all these questions?
Oh, I get it. You don't like me because I'm His Majesty's fiancee.
But you know, the engagement wasn't even my decision, and I only admire His Majesty Allen.
Goodness, why is Miss Kristen so mean to Miss Anna? Miss Anna is also a beautiful soul.
If you have something to say on the matter, you can say it to my face and not the gusset behind my back.
I'm not deaf.
Kristen, if you're mad at me, you may hate me or hit me.
But why take it out on poor servants? Your help is not needed right now. You may go.
Who is this your definition? Miss Anna?
Kristen, you're all minus? Myself.
I'll be before you go. Make me do!
What's going on here?